Crowd service type edge case documentation (#554)
atlassian/data-center-helm-charts: docs/docs/troubleshooting/LIMITATIONS.md

Using this approach will restore the full dataset as part of the Helm install process.

## Crowd

### LoadBalancer service type

> If a kubernetes environment has multiple cluster nodes and `loadBalancer` is used for Crowd `service.type`, Crowd pods may receive client requests from different cluster node ip address. This will cause a session expiry in the client browser. You can resolve it by unticking "Require consistent client IP address" in Session configuration.

Reviewer: Perhaps we want to say that an alternative way to fix it would be enabling session affinity for the LB, which will result in requests going to the same node:port. Sure thing, when a node is gone the request will go to a different node and this may cause session invalidation

> If a kubernetes environment has multiple cluster nodes and `loadBalancer` is used for Crowd `service.type`, Crowd pods may receive client requests from different cluster node ip address. This will cause a session expiry in the client browser. You can resolve it by unticking "Require consistent client IP address" in Session configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Kubernetes cluster has multiple cluster nodes and Crowd `service.type` is `LoadBalancer`, Crowd pods may receive client requests from different cluster node IPs. This will cause session invalidation in the client browser, which is a security feature of Crowd. You can resolve it by either:

* Unticking "Require consistent client IP address" in Session configuration or
* Configuring AWS LoadBalancer with session affinity by annotating a service. You can find more details in [AWS LoadBalancer documentation](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/aws-load-balancer-controller/v2.2/guide/service/annotations/).
```
